📖Add GitHub PAT doc (#7240)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/overview.md

* [`clusterctl move`](commands/move.md) Move Cluster API objects and all their dependencies between management clusters.
* [`clusterctl alpha rollout`](commands/alpha-rollout.md) Manages the rollout of Cluster API resources. For example: MachineDeployments.

> ### GitHub Personal Access Token

Reviewer: I think this should mention why we want the PAT ~"Avoiding GitHub rate limiting"

> ### GitHub Personal Access Token

Reviewer 2: I will add some context, a short blurb about why/when clusterctl is accessing GitHub, and explain that for normal usage the free tier is enough, but for intensive usage a token is required.
Also, worth to link this paragraph from configuration and from the clusterctl init page as well

> To avoid rate limiting for the public repos set `GITHUB_TOKEN`. To generate a new one [follow this](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) documentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To avoid rate limiting for the public repos set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable. To generate a token [follow this](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/
```

Reviewer 3: >This section mentions scope and how to export the token. Maybe of value here?

Agree about adding wording that the token only needs the `repo` scope and all other scopes are not required for clusterctl. 
When we are saying clusterctl will use a person's github token it might be good to mention the level of permissions we are requesting for.

> For the full list of clusterctl commands please refer to [commands](commands/commands.md).

Reviewer: This sentence belongs to the section above.

For the full list of clusterctl commands please refer to [commands](commands/commands.md).

### Avoiding GitHub rate limiting

> For normal usage free tier is enough but for extensive usage it might hit the rate limit. To avoid rate limiting for the public repos set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable. To generate a token [follow this](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) documentation. The token only needs `repo` scope for clusterctl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While using providers hosted on GitHub, clusterctl is calling GitHub API which are rate limited; for normal usage free tier is enough but when using clusterctl extensively users might hit the rate limit. 

To avoid rate limiting for the public repos set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable. To generate a token [follow this](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) documentation. The token only needs `repo` scope for clusterctl.
```
